today on animal takedowns we journey to
the valleys of Wyoming to witness a
Calliope hummingbirds return to the
meadow after 2,500 mile flight from eiko
but just because he wastes a little more
than a penny doesn't mean he won't gorge
his three-inch body on a bountiful
supply of nectar oh yeah give me some of
that sweet purple hmm oh you'll like
that pink flowered mmm go on go on just
as our hummingbird hero is getting
sauced on flour guts trouble moves in a
rival hummingbird gang oh yeah this
looks like a nice place to drink give me
some of that sweet pink juice but the
Calliope will have none of it hey what's
the big idea
beat it pipsqueak this is our medal
pipsqueak no I'm full of flower power
and feeling frisky you feeling frisky
pot well are you the Calliope lunges at
the rivals using his beak as a sword the
others move in some from above some from
below but he's managing to fight them
off with his razor-sharp beak but you
haven't seen that at the zoo one by one
his rival scattered let's beat it
and to the victor go the spoils
in this case of female Calliope
hummingbird those were some pretty sweet
moves you did back there oh you saw that
that was nothing
what's that on your neck all this this
is my beard I like beards can I touch it
I don't know if you're feeling frisky
Punk oil are you yes question mark let's
get out of here and so they go to the
bushes for some much-needed mommy-daddy
time the
circle of life is like building a house
there is a lot of banging thanks for
watching there'll be a new episode next
Thursday click here to see Chipmunks
fight click here to see something cute
and please check out animals newest show
weird gross and beautiful with Catie
Wayne geese mate for life I had no idea
that such jerks could attach for that
long thanks for watching see you next
time